# That_One_Nerd

Hi. My name's Kyle. I'm a rising high school junior. I use GitHub sometimes. Actually I use it a pretty good amount (more than Replit). I program things sometimes in C#, but I can do some other languages too. I can write pretty decently in C++, Python, and Java as well. Sometimes I'll make games, but I usually don't spend the effort to complete what I start. Actually, that applies to more than my games. I've got two main projects though: [Nerd_STF](https://github.com/That-One-Nerd/Nerd_STF), a very multi-purpose math library for .NET 7.0 (you can find the NuGet download link [here](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Nerd_STF)), and [SrcMod](https://github.com/That-One-Nerd/SrcMod), a command-line shell used to assist mod development for Source Engine games (Portal 2 is the best game to have ever been released).

I don't usually do web development, though I do have a [website](https://thatonenerd.net/) made without any website builders or other tools. I prefer desktop applications, with games as a side-hobby. I also like to reinvent the wheel. Like, a lot. I will try my utmost to only use code I have made and code built-in to the language unless I absolutely have to. For example, my website uses no frameworks or webdev libraries and I don't have any intention of using one or multiple (with maybe the exception of is-even). I will also program much less efficient ideas into my libraries that probably already exist faster and better, but no who cares?

Speaking of games, I've got two that I have dreamt up. One will not come out for years at the minimum, but is the one I'm most excited about. You likely won't see a single video teaser about it for years (excluding [this one](https://youtu.be/KVMNJAwnl9w), which I made in Blender in 90 minutes and represented just the beginning of my thoughts on the game. Take it with a grain of salt). The other one is [Arcade Maniac](https://arcademaniac.thatonenerd.net/), a game I was originally very motivated to create but which I lost interest in very quickly. I may still get it done, but because I'm just one guy doing this as a hobby, it'll probably take quite a while.

I'm also very scatterminded, did I tell you that? While I have one or two main projects I switch between, I'll have new crappy project ideas every day that I'll think are going to be the next major one and then turn out into nothing. Probably just a side effect of being 16. Sometimes I'll even make a GitHub repository for my stupid ideas, but I usually don't to prevent people from thinking I'm actually going to go through with it (which I am statistically not going to, not by a long shot).

Anyway, feel free to send me spam mail or anything else you'd like at [kyle@thatonenerd.net](mailto:kyle@thatonenerd.net). I know it's a different email than the one on my bio, but this one looks neater and is just an alias to the old one. It doesn't matter which one you use. Or you could not send me emails. It doesn't matter to me. I'm done here. Check out some stuff if you'd like.

Cave Johnson, we're done here.
